Title: Kendra Scott California Regulations Support v1.0 Date: March 10, 2025 Prepared by 1.5 degrees LLC (d.b.a "OnePointFive") – CLIENT CONFIDENTIAL Not for Distribution pg. 1
Proposal Summary
Project Context & Objective Kendra Scott California Regulations Support
Kendra Scott, an Austin-based Jewelry & Accessories company operating in California, is subject to comply with California Senate Bill 261 (SB 261), which requires companies to disclose climate-related financial risks, and Assembly Bill 1305 (AB 1305), which relates to marketing, buying or selling voluntary carbon offsets, and sustainability claims on products. With the changing regulatory landscape, the company seeks guidance to navigate disclosure requirements and set up a structured approach for ongoing compliance, in advance of SB 261's Jan 1, 2026 effective date.
While AB 1305 requires understanding best-practice approaches on sustainability product labelling and claims, compliance with SB 261 is based on the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Framework (TCFD), as well as the use of California Air Resources Board (CARB) oversight mechanisms. Climate risk analysis typically requires supply chain transparency, which can be complex given a diverse supplier footprint. Without clear procedures and tools, sustainability fluency, or leadership buy-in, there may be delays, non-compliance risks & penalties, reputational concerns, & increased regulatory scrutiny.
OnePointFive (OPF) is able to support by first addressing outstanding AB 1305 compliance for 2025. OPF can then build a baseline of Kendra Scott's existing initiatives and priorities and prepare for SB 261, based on CARB guidelines. Subsequently, OPF will analyze Kendra Scott's key climate risks (qualitative & quantitative) and synthesize findings to include in SB 261 reporting disclosures, due by January 1, 2026. OPF will develop a repeatable compliance framework to support future reporting cycles, reduce regulatory risk, and identify real business value for Kendra Scott. This will not only help achieve compliance but also build a foundation for future growth & supply chain resiliency.
Overall, this approach aims to meet the minimum compliance required by the state of California, prepare for similar regulations being proposed in other states (e.g. New York's S897A bill currently in the Senate), and maximize the commercial opportunities available to Kendra Scott, as we assess climate risks and opportunities.
	•	Analyzing risks across Kendra Scott's US supply chain to mitigate costly delays on customer deliveries, e.g.: • Flood risk, like the flooding and heavy rain in Utah, Nevada and California in Spring 2023 that caused transportation disruptions of between 20-30% in those regions • Hurricane & extreme weather risk to assets and supply chains, like Hurricane Ian in 2023 which saw an average increase in shipping time delays of 2.5 days • Extreme temperatures and impact on operations, such as the 2021 deep freeze in Texas that caused an average increase in delivery time by 2 days
	•	Overlaying short, medium and long term risk scenarios on suppliers, distributors and third party logistics companies, to inform contingency planning & investment, especially where extreme heat can reduce worker productivity and increase employee absenteeism
	•	Quantifying impact of weather events and trade policies on raw material prices and availability (e.g. cotton, leather), as Kendra Scott diversifies into other consumer goods verticals, e.g. Yellow Rose by Kendra Scott
	•	Reducing non-compliance exposure for AB 1305 ($2,500 / day, capped at $500,000) and SB 261 (up to $50,000 for non-disclosure)
Ultimately, the goal for a company that conducts climate risk analysis is to actually integrate findings into its business strategy, and determine actions to both mitigate and adapt to risks across the short, medium, and long terms. A visual example of how the TCFD framework is meant to fit within a company's BAU operations.
Figure #1: How TCFD Framework and Climate Risks Integrate into BAU Operations
Deliverables Over a 9-month period, OnePointFive will support Kendra Scott to produce the following deliverables:
	•	Phase 1: AB 1305 Disclosure Report
	•	Phase 2: SB 261 Gap Assessment & Short-Term Implementation Roadmap
	•	Phase 3: Qualitative Climate Risk Analysis Results
	•	Phase 4: Climate Risk Software Recommendations, and Quantitative Climate Risk & Scenario Analysis Results
	•	Phase 5: [Optional]: Sustainability Training for Kendra Scott team
	•	Phase 6: Final Presentation & Synthesis, and SB 261 Disclosure Report
Project Timeline & Milestones
Apr | May | Jun | Jul | Aug | Sept | Oct | Nov | Dec
Key Milestones & Timeline* 4/16 | 5/9 | 7/1 | 9/9 | 10/14 | 11/7 Kick-off meeting | AB 1305 report disclosed on Kendra Scott Website | CARB SB 261 guidance launched | Complete qualitative risk analysis | Complete quantitative risk analysis | Final presentation of key findings
6/20 | 8/5 | 10/21 | 12/12 Finish initial research & interviews | Complete gap analysis & implementation roadmap | Present climate risk results | Finalized disclosures & hand-over
*Tentative dates and subject to change, especially for data collection timing & stakeholder interview availability
AB 1305 Compliance
	1	Data Collection & Disclosure
	•	Request any documentation available regarding the SCS Certified Sustainability Rated diamonds used in Kendra Scott products
	•	Share data request with suppliers of SCS Certified diamonds, to provide information on how the "carbon neutral" claim was determined and/or accomplished, progress toward the goal, independent third-party verification of the suppliers' GHG emissions, science-based targets, and other key data points & support documentation
	•	Consolidate information received into a disclosure report to be posted on the Kendra Scott website
SB 261 Compliance 2. Gap Analysis, Baselining, and Roadmap
	•	Conduct internal and external desktop research to understand Kendra Scott's climate position and relevant prior initiatives, work done thus far (incl materiality assessment documents)
	•	Interview key stakeholders across critical business units (e.g., Financial Reporting, Manufacturing & Supply Chain, Operations, HR) to inform baseline
	•	Narrow scope for climate risk analysis by identifying the top product lines with financial and strategic importance to Kendra Scott
	•	One-off check in with California Resources Board (CARB) publishes final SB 261 implementation requirements on July 1, 2025], integrate into analysis, requesting additional data or scheduling interviews as required
	•	Determine if any board-level climate governance & strategic policies exists
	•	Provide a gap assessment summary of gaps in existing climate risk processes and provide recommendations for improvement to comply with SB 261, whilst keeping business case and commercial outcomes in mind
	•	Optional add-on: industry trends report covering top 2-3 industries relating to Kendra Scott's business lines, climate trends, and recommended positioning
	3	Qualitative Climate Risk Analysis
	•	Collect internal and external data, including physical locations of Kendra Scott operations, climate hazard data, resiliency plans, etc.
	•	Identify material physical climate risks given the organization's geographic footprint, supply chain and business model, focused on the most financially & strategically important industries identified in Phase 2, and/or highly vulnerable supply chains
	•	Determine relevant transition risks to which Kendra Scott operates
	•	Synthesize key climate-related trends, milestones and future (e.g. policy changes, climate events, etc.) relevant to SB 261 reporting
	4	Quantitative Climate Risk Scenario Analysis
	•	Perform light-touch review of climate risk software providers based on SB 261 implementation requirements and recommend suitable climate risk tool
	•	Define relevant short, medium, and long term time horizons for scenario analysis, taking into account business model, investors, customers, and other stakeholders
	•	Perform quantitative scenario analysis based on the physical and transition risks to Kendra Scott's business, focused on the most financially & strategically important industries identified in Phase 2, and/or highly vulnerable supply chains
	•	Summarize and synthesize top stakeholders, the results of the climate risk scenario analyses and facilitate collaborative ideation on mitigation and adaptation strategies
	•	Kendra Scott to agree on actions the company will take to address climate risks, especially focusing on material business impacts
	5	Upskilling & Training
	•	Optional add-on: Develop & roll out Sustainability Upskilling Session, designed to increase overall climate fluency of Kendra Scott's sustainability team and key stakeholders, including a detailed review of key tools and resources utilized throughout the project, ensuring that team members are proficient in using these tools and approaches for future risk assessment and reporting needs
	6	Key Findings, Next Steps, and Final Disclosure
	•	Develop an executive-level slide deck synthesizing key findings and recommended next steps for Kendra Scott, including business case for continued sustainability work and investment
	•	Present to management & key internal stakeholders, including key outcomes tied to SB 261 and AB 1305
	•	Work with Kendra Scott to finalize SB 261-aligned disclosures in preparation for the January 1, 2026 effective date
Commercials Total: $59,874 Optional add-ons: Industry Trends & Climate Positioning $11,880 & Sustainability Training $9,213
Table of Contents
Table of Contents 3 Project Plan & Timeline 4 Preliminary Approach & Methodology 5 OnePointFive Engagement Team 6 Customer & Organizational References 7 Our Commercials 7 Relevant Case Studies 8 Appendix 10 Examples of Reporting across CPG Peers 10 Detailed Project Approach for SB 261 Compliance 12
Project Plan & Timeline
Key Milestones & Timeline* 4/16: Kick-off meeting 5/9: AB 1305 report disclosed on Kendra Scott Website 7/1: CARB SB 261 guidance launched 9/9: Complete qualitative risk analysis 10/14: Complete quantitative risk analysis 11/7: Final presentation of key findings
6/20: Finish initial research & interviews 8/5: Complete gap analysis & implementation roadmap 10/21: Present climate risk results 12/12: Finalized disclosures & hand-over
*Tentative dates and subject to change, especially for data collection timing & stakeholder interview availability
AB 1305 Compliance
	1	Data Collection & Disclosure
	•	Request any documentation available regarding the SCS Certified Sustainability Rated diamonds used in Kendra Scott products
	•	Share data request with suppliers of SCS Certified diamonds, to provide information on how the "carbon neutral" claim was determined and/or accomplished, progress toward the goal, independent third-party verification of the suppliers' GHG emissions, science-based targets, and other key data points & support documentation
	•	Consolidate information received into a disclosure report to be posted on the Kendra Scott website
SB 261 Compliance 2. Gap Analysis, Baselining, and Roadmap 3. Qualitative Climate Risk Analysis 4. Quantitative Climate Risk Scenario Analysis 5. Upskilling & Training 6. Key Findings, Next Steps, and Final Disclosure
Preliminary Approach & Methodology
AB 1305 requires disclosure of a business entity's activities on their corporate website relating to marketing, buying or selling voluntary carbon offsets, and sustainability claims on products. SB 261 requires annual reporting and disclosure of a company's sustainability activities, largely pertaining to Climate-related Financial Risks, with a due date of January 1, 2026. We understand that Kendra Scott is looking for a 'minimal viable product' version of compliance support for AB 1305 and SB 261, while at the same time taking advantage of any commercial opportunities through this analysis. Below is our project approach, with examples of how this could support the commercial operations of Kendra Scott.
AB 1305: We understand that part of Kendra Scott's supply chain includes sourcing of lab-grown diamonds which have been third-party certified, and are sold with a "SCS Certified Sustainability Rated Diamonds" designation. Since this certification includes a Net Zero carbon footprint claim, Kendra Scott is required to publicly share details on its website, such as how the "carbon neutral" claim was determined and/or accomplished, progress toward the goal, independent third-party verification of the suppliers' GHG emissions, science-based targets, and other key data points & supporting documentation. Per the AB 1305 guidelines, there is a penalty for non-compliance of up to $500,000 (not more than $2,500 / day), starting from January 1, 2025, if a scoped entity has not publicly published these details on its website, including an annual update of activities. As part of our approach, we have prioritized this area of compliance to complete first, given the heavy financial implications if unresolved. From a commercial standpoint, complying with AB 1305 will reduce the outstanding penalty by $2,500 / day.
SB 261: Complying with SB 261 will reduce Kendra Scott's exposure to non-compliance penalty of $50,000, or potentially more, to be determined by the State of California. Carrying out climate risk analysis is not simply a compliance exercise – understanding the climate risks of Kendra Scott's business and supply chain will highlight potential vulnerabilities that can be addressed by increasing supply chain reliability and preparedness for climate risks. Examples of recent climate events include: flooding and heavy rain in Utah, Nevada and California in Spring 2023 that caused transportation disruptions of between 20-30% in those regions; Hurricane Ian in 2023 saw an average increase in shipping time delays of 2.5 days; and the 2021 deep freeze in Texas that caused an average increase in delivery time by 2 days. Diversifying supplier locations to avoid hazard-prone areas, or identifying resource efficiency improvements, can help reduce operational costs, while increased customer demand for sustainable products and/or expansion into new markets could result in increased revenues.
Broadly, setting up climate governance and strategy can also help position Kendra Scott amongst existing sustainability efforts in the Jewelry industry, as well as other verticals that the company is already expanding to, or planning to expand, in the coming years, such as Apparel, (e.g. related to existing wholesale and resale apparel, planned launch of scarves and hats, soon-to-be launched second Yellow Rose x Wrangler collaboration and future manufacturing of clothes, boots), Eyewear (e.g. the recently signed Marchon licensing deal for launch in September 2025), Home Goods, and more.
Through these compliance efforts, there is an opportunity to build on the organization's strong existing initiatives in philanthropy and social impact, and better position Kendra Scott as a leader. OPF has identified companies like Mejuri, Chow Tai Fook, Brilliant Earth, Pandora, Levi's and Swatch as companies with leading approaches that can be applied to Kendra Scott to better connect with the values-driven customer, increase green premiums on existing and new products, and increase margins through sustainability-related efficiency gains.
Refer to Appendix for examples of both AB 1305 disclosure and TCFD reporting (which will likely be similar to SB 261 requirements).
In the Appendix we've also detailed OPF's detailed approach across each project phase.
OnePointFive Engagement Team
We have also provided customer & organizational professional references from Fixer Advisory, Fashion Makes Change & Accenture, L'Oreal, New Balance, Ruggable, Travelers, Krave Beauty, and Textile Exchange (see Customer & Organizational References), who can be available upon request to attest to our team at OnePointFive, including our project work delivery, management, and relevant expertise. Relevant case study examples aligned with the needs above are outlined within Relevant Case Studies.
Matthias is the Co-Founder and COO of OnePointFive, with over a decade of experience spanning management consulting, entrepreneurship, and climate tech. He co-chairs the Australia Japan Youth Dialogue, supporting emerging leaders in Australia-Japan relations, and advises climate tech startups through CleanTech Open, Plug & Play's Sustainability program, and On Deck Climate. Previously, Matthias served as Director of Finance and Software Development at Cambium Carbon, focused on circular economy solutions, and worked in operations and M&A strategy at PwC Australia. At OnePointFive he has led projects on US & EU Regulatory Compliance, Climate Risk Analysis, Climate Solutions Due Diligence, as well a Climate Transition Strategy & Implementation project that has included governance, strategy, and Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions measurement.
Matthias holds a Master of Advanced Management from Yale, an MBA from Hitotsubashi ICS, and degrees in Accounting and Economics. He is a Chartered Accountant and was nominated as a 2022 "40 Under 40 Most Influential Asian-Australian." His writing has been featured by the World Economic Forum, covering ESG investment and innovative climate solutions.
Julia, Associate Director at OnePointFive, brings 6+ years of experience from EY, where she managed projects on strategy, risk, and compliance for Fortune 30 banks. At OnePointFive, Julia leads many of our sustainability strategy & implementation projects. She has led numerous GHG accounting and US & EU regulatory projects, and has also led projects focused on sustainability strategy and governance, target-setting, and decarbonization planning. She co-facilitates OPF Academy, focusing on Scope 1, 2, and 3 Emissions Accounting and Corporate Sustainability Reporting.
Passionate about sustainable food systems, Julia is an advocate for plant-based diets as a climate solution. She graduated magna cum laude from Cornell University with a B.S. in Applied Economics and Management and is fluent in Russian and proficient in Spanish.
Tori Selian is a Senior Strategy Associate at OnePointFive and an MBA candidate at NYU Stern School of Business, specializing in Sustainable Business and Innovation. With a Biology degree from Northeastern University, receiving summa cum laude designation, she brings a strong scientific foundation to her work. Her diverse background includes conducting research at Harvard Medical School, Boston Children's Hospital, and IMEC in Belgium. She has also gained hands-on experience in healthcare, spending two years assisting during surgeries. Most recently, she worked at an angel venture capital firm, focusing on climate tech startups. Tori is dedicated to driving positive change towards a greener future.
Customer & Organizational References
Contacts available upon request.
Organization | Reference Fixer Advisory | Natalie Newman, General Counsel at Fixer Advisory Fashion Makes Change & Accenture | Cara Smyth, Chair Of The Board of Fashion Makes Change + Global Senior Managing Director ESG / Responsible Retail at Accenture L'Oreal | Holly Bunker, Corporate Sustainability at L'Oreal New Balance | Alexandra Carlson, Product Sustainability Manager Ruggable | Alessandra Gelman Antinori, Former Senior Manager of New Business of Ruggable Travelers | Rushabh Doshi, VP of Innovation at Travelers KraveBeauty | Liah Yoo, CEO at KraveBeauty Textile Exchange | Claire Bergkamp, CEO of Textile Exchange
Our Commercials
Based on an initial conversation, OnePointFive proposes the following commercials. As an introductory offer, we are proposing a 50% reduced rate for our first project together. Note that these fees are subject to discussion, review and alignment, based on the aligned needs of Kendra Scott. We have also proposed additional optional areas of work that provide deeper analysis into Kendra Scott's product lines and its relative strategic positioning in the market to maximize competitive advantage, as well as training to develop climate fluency and climate risk capacity within the organization.
Project Scope Items | Cost
	1	AB 1305 Compliance Data Collection & Disclosure | $4,469
	2	SB 261 Gap Analysis, Baselining & Roadmap | $17,510
	3	SB 261 Qualitative Climate Risk Analysis | $11,955
	4	SB 261 Quantitative Climate Risk Analysis* | $12,623
	5	SB 261 Key Findings, Next Steps & Final Disclosure | $13,317
Grand Total | $59,874
Optional Add-ons | Cost Optional: Industry Trends Report covering top 2-3 industries with strategic & financial importance to Kendra Scott, focusing on climate-related trends, commercial opportunities, and recommended positioning | $11,880 Optional: Sustainability Upskilling & Training | $9,213
Optional Add-on Total | $21,093
*Once requirements from CARB are known, we will review potential software tools to utilize for quantitative climate risk scenario analysis. The cost of software is not included in the cost estimate, but several options will be presented to Kendra Scott for review and selection, given budget considerations.
Relevant Case Studies
Tech Vendor Due Diligence on Energy, Water & Waste Building Management System
Client Challenge L'Oreal wanted to improve its capabilities to monitor and analyze buildings' energy consumption, waste management, and water use, as part of a larger initiative to improve its portfolio's environmental impact, and needed support to source, evaluate and estimate Building Management System (BMS) costs
OPF's Solution
	•	Assessed BMS requirements, current state systems & capabilities
	•	Analyzed 14 BMS solutions to identify best options
	•	Converged on 3 top solutions and implementation steps
Key Outcomes Identified 3 top vendors BMS solutions for US facilities based on 7 dimensions
Designed 6 month roll-out & implementation plan to track and reduce energy, water, & waste
Accelerated RFP process for L'Oreal procurement team with custom built criterion
Provided key facilities mapping across Admin, Distribution, Manufacturing, R&D and Stores
Scope 1, 2 & 3 GHG Emissions Baseline and Implementation Plan
Client Challenge
	•	Ruggable wanted to measure and understand the overall environmental impact of their domestic and international activities, to inform carbon & waste reduction strategies, and minimize their footprint as they expand product offerings and enter new markets
OPF's Solution
	•	Gathered Scope 1-3 data from the organization and suppliers
	•	Calculated emissions and highlighted key insights
	•	Trained customer on our custom-built tool
Key Outcomes Calculated GHG Emissions & Built Year 1 Implementation Plan
Assessed Product Emissions Across 9 SKUs
Identified 3 Actions to Address 92% of Footprint
Built & Trained Client on Custom LCA Tool
TCFD-Aligned Sustainable Investing in Emerging Markets
Client Challenge
	•	Sarona wanted to align existing policies & processes with TCFD, identify portfolio emissions hotspots and climate risks, and integrate climate assessments into investment strategies to meet investor expectations
OPF's Solution
	•	Conducted TCFD gap analysis on fund's policies & processes
	•	Conducted an emissions hotspot analysis of portfolio
	•	Performed TCFD-aligned climate risk assessment
Key Outcomes Created TCFD-Aligned Investment Framework
Mapped Portfolio Climate Vulnerabilities
Embedded Climate into Investment Decisions
Upskilled 30+ Funds via Climate Training
Appendix
Examples of Reporting across CPG Peers
Brilliant Earth AB 1305 Disclosure - see website here and statement here
SUPPORTING A CLEAN ENERGY TRANSITION AB 1305 California Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures Act Information
We displaced our electricity use through a partnership with Native, A Public Benefit Corporation, and purchased Green-e certified RECs from wind turbines throughout the U.S. When sourcing like ours, Native invests in high quality renewable energy projects that benefit communities across the US.
We also purchased VERs, or carbon credits, from the Sky Wind Project in Maharashtra, India, regionally located near the majority of our suppliers. This 96 MW wind project helps avoid GHG emissions from fossil fuel electricity grids and produces clean energy equivalent to ~14,000 US homes for one year. The project and the carbon emissions reductions have been verified to the Verified Carbon Standard (VCS).
AB 1305 Disclosure
Forward-Looking Statement This voluntary purchase of Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) "forward-looking statements" concerning our expectations, goals, objectives, plans, and prospective units respect to environmental matters, corporate responsibility, and sustainability. The forward-looking statements and future targets contain plans and targets statement perspectives and expectations and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary materially from the results described in the forward-looking statements or contemplated, implied, or suggested by any targets, for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, external supply constraints, governmental policy, changes in laws or regulations, our ability to achieve significant results, material costs, and/or changes in business plans and other unforeseen circumstances.
Levi's TCFD Disclosures, leading in Apparel industry - see report here
TOPIC: Strategy
Brief Description: Describe the actual and potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization's businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
(a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified in the short, medium, and long term
Product Strategy: LS&Co's product strategy has been influenced by climate-related risks and opportunities. Our life cycle assessments (LCA) and climate impact have influenced and evolved over time. Using scientific metrics to guide our strategy ensures continued progress and transparency in how we communicate product strategy decisions and consider consumer priorities about climate impact. By developing the life cycle assessment methodology for our GIP partners, we now measure product impact, develop product lines that support more responsible manufacturing and supply chain management, and continue supply chain resilience.
We also believe that climate-related opportunities will inform sourcing decisions and create growth opportunities. Investment opportunities include focusing on materials that have positive impact on our ability to reduce emissions and source materials responsibly, which also support science-based targets and supply chain resilience strategies.
Business Strategy: We are proactively preparing for an increase in climate disclosure and reporting requirements globally. Our strategy is informed by climate-related physical and transition risks which we have prioritized in our climate risk analysis. Continued progress in our strategies for climate resilience, including progress toward science-based targets and integrated reporting processes and tools, will inform our investment and allocation decisions over time.
(b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization's businesses, strategy, and financial planning
Since inception of our 2022 L&Co Sustainability Ambitions, LS&Co's strategy has increased our investments and priority in identifying and mitigating climate-related impacts and opportunities, both for own scope of control and our supply chain partnerships. Through partnerships with suppliers and solutions providers, we have advanced our product strategy and climate impact.
Swatch Group TCFD-aligned reporting - see sustainability report here
Impact of changes and risk limitation strategies
Acute risks | Time frame | Impacts (without risk mitigation) | Mitigation strategies | Opportunities
Floods, hail and extreme rainfall events | Long-term | Supply chain and production disruptions due to damaged infrastructure (roads, railroads, bridges). Local flooding of buildings and local power supply. | Taking into account weather forecasts or severe weather warnings in risk management. Preparing for incidents depending on the local risk situation. Increasing autonomous power supply. | Increasing autonomous power supply creates competitive advantage.
Heat waves, droughts and forest fires | Long-term | Increasing strain on infrastructure (asphalt, environment, railroads), potential power cuts, increasing service prices (more expensive transport alternatives). | Incorporating market monitoring and the global climate risk assessment into risk management. | Competitive edge through local production.
Medium to long-term | Increasing strain on building infrastructure (cooling, service life of outdoor facilities, expansion, condensation, humidity, etc.). Groundwater depletion causes building damage. | Training technical employees and building managers. | Renovating buildings at a quicker pace will lead to lower costs.
Medium to long-term | Examining power supplied by hydroelectric power plants. Disruption of water supply to hydroelectric plants (cooling, lack of water in watercourses, temperature of watercourses too high). Nuclear power plant outages result in power fluctuations in the grid and power cuts. | Increasing autonomous power supply. | Increasing the autonomous power supply creates a competitive edge.
Medium to long-term | Restricting water use. | Using rainwater and water reuse. | Having a more autonomous external water supply creates a competitive edge.
Transition risks | Time frame | Impacts (without risk mitigation) | Mitigation strategies | Opportunities
Current and future regulations | Short-term | Market access, possible fines. | Cooperating with external experts to analyze and implement future legislative changes (e.g. TCFD). | Greater independence; Swissness becomes more important.
Law and policy: Rising carbon taxes and measures to restrict carbon-intensive activities | Short-term | Increasing energy costs, increasing logistics costs. | Transition to renewable energies. Improving energy efficiency. Investments to lower carbon generation. Maintain high level of production in Switzerland. | Greater independence; Swissness becomes more important.
Short to medium-term | Supply chain disruptions, increasing material costs. | Continuing to have high warehousing levels to avoid stock disruptions. | Increasing recycling rate. Using recycled materials.
Short to medium-term | Increasing cost of packaging new material. | Switching to low-carbon materials. | Lower costs due to smaller packaging size and more affordable materials.
Technology: Developing new technologies and switching to low-carbon economy | Medium-term | Depreciation of assets. Investments in low emission technologies to meet market requirements. | In-house experts to work on energy efficiencies. Energy Team. Transitioning to low-emission and energy-efficient technologies. | Transitioning to low-emission and energy-efficient technologies.
Markets: Changing client behavior and changing supply and demand as consumers opt for sustainable alternatives | Short to medium-term | Lost revenue or missed opportunities for growth, materials. Strengthening environmental commitment with climate targets. Publishing an annual sustainability report on all three scopes with a climate strategy. | Developing products with less environmental footprint. Creating a younger, more eco-conscious target group by selling products with low-carbon and recycled materials. Being a leader in the ESG arena (reputation). | Investing in activities for which there are carbon credits (e.g., generating power from renewable energies, forests, carbon capture).
Short to medium-term | Increasing decarbonization costs due to greater demand for carbon credits. | Prioritizing the emission reduction. | Investing in activities for which there are carbon credits (e.g., generating power from renewable energies, forests, carbon capture).
Detailed Project Approach for SB 261 Compliance
Gap Analysis, Baselining and Roadmap
To prepare for SB 261 compliance, instead of waiting for CARB to release implementation requirements on July 1, 2025, we will begin desktop research and stakeholder interviews in Q2 2025, largely utilizing the TCFD Framework to identify potential gaps in Kendra Scott's existing operations, as they related to climate risks. While CARB may include additional compliance requirements, SB 261 uses TCFD as a baseline, so any changes should be minor or minimal. Nonetheless, to prepare for the risk tied to uncertainty around the implementation requirements, we plan to have a check-in with Kendra Scott to communicate any potential changes in scope, and align on how Kendra Scott intends to comply with regulation.
Refer below for a summary of TCFD recommendations, which we will use as an initial golden source for our gap analysis.
Governance | Strategy | Risk Management | Metrics and Targets
	•	Establish and define board-level oversight of climate responsibility
	•	Establish and define management-level responsibility for assessing climate | • Understand and identify the climate risks and opportunities most material to the entity's strategy, over the short, medium, and long term
	•	Generate integrated business, climate, and financial strategy with consideration of climate assessment findings
	•	Model resilience of the entity's business strategy against different climate-related scenarios and quantify potential financial outputs | • Understand the entity's approach to identifying and assessing climate-related risks and opportunities
	•	Analyze overarching risk management processes, and how climate-related considerations are integrated into these processes
	•	Develop integrated risk management strategy to mitigate the entity's exposure and build resilience to future-looking scenarios | • Disclose the metrics the entity employs aligned to its climate strategy and risk management processes
	•	Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and related risks
	•	Define targets used to manage climate-related risks, opportunities, and disclose performance against targets
Figure #2: TCFD Implementation Guidance
Once we identify gaps against TCFD / CARB implementation requirements, we will provide synthesized recommendations and a short-term implementation roadmap, focusing on the most critical areas to improve in advance of the disclosures due date (i.e., identify the "low-hanging fruit"). As an example, refer below to a summary view from a prior engagement with Sarona Asset Management, that involved a TCFD gap assessment.
Figure #3: Past OnePointFive's TCFD Alignment & Gap Analysis Assessment for Sarona Asset Management
TCFD Pillar | Where Sarona is aligned | Where Sarona has gaps
Governance
	•	Sarona has established processes for documenting and engaging on risks at both board and management levels | • Sarona has not yet integrated climate-specific considerations into established processes across board and management levels
Strategy
	•	Sarona has a general understanding that climate risks and opportunities are factors affecting organizational strategy
	•	Sarona has established processes for assessing and engaging with GPs on ESGI topics, which may include climate-related topics | • Sarona has not yet defined climate-specific risk and opportunity considerations by sector and geography for GPs
	•	Sarona has not yet defined a consistent metric or methodology or scenario planning approach for comparing GP climate risks
Risk Management
	•	Sarona has established processes for identifying, ranking, and reviewing overall organization risks
	•	Sarona has established processes for monitoring and reviewing GPs on ESGI | • Sarona has not yet defined processes for climate mitigation strategies of GPs nor integrated identified climate-related risks into overall risk management procedures
Metrics & Targets
	•	Sarona requests Scope 1 and 2 emissions from GPs and other climate-related information | • Sarona has not yet tracked or employed a consistent metric to execute target-setting and compare climate progress across GPs
Qualitative and Quantitative Climate Risk Analysis
A key component of TCFD asks organizations to identify the climate physical and transition risks and opportunities most material to their strategy, over the short, medium, and long term, and to model the resilience of business strategy and quantify financial impacts resulting from various climate scenarios. Physical risks include acute and chronic hazards such as global warming, flooding, and water scarcity, which will intensify over time as climate change worsens. Transition risks encompass a range of risks associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy, and are defined by four categories: Policy and Legal, Technology, Market, and Reputation.
Both qualitative and quantitative analyses are recommended, and form the crux of a TCFD-aligned climate risk assessment. We will present results from this project phase concisely, focusing on the order of magnitude and trends, clearly discussing the uncertainties, assumptions and limitations.
Qualitative Climate Risk Analysis
Building upon our review of existing climate initiatives, we will research any key considerations specific to the Jewelry, Accessories and Luxury Good industries. We will consider Kendra Scott's geographic footprint, supply chain, and business model to conduct the risk identification process, researching physical and transition risks across the jurisdictions in which the entity operates. For example, the IEA Policy database can be used to seek out existing and upcoming policies and regulations around the world. In parallel, we will collect both internal and external data to support this process, examples provided in Figure #4 below.
Examples of physical risk data | Examples of transition risk data
Locations of offices, warehouses, manufacturing facilities, across supply chain | Changes in government policy or industry-specific regulations in countries where the entity operates
Historical and projected physical hazard data for these locations | Expected changes in insurance policies
Business resiliency data, e.g., disaster recovery plans, supplier alternatives | Financial, political, and reputational risks
Community resiliency data describing readiness of infrastructure to withstand climate hazards, e.g., airports, road connectivity, etc. | Increased competition for resources
Figure #4: Examples of data necessary to assess physical risks and transition risks
Through this process, it will be important to narrow down to the most material risks, which are ideally quantified, to generate the most value from the exercise. As explained by BCG, to do so, it is critical to gather inputs from the entity's finance team to understand the drivers of profitability and underlying drivers of costs and revenues. Inputs from other departments, such as Marketing and Manufacturing & Supply Chain, will ensure we are considering perspectives from across the business.
Once the key cost and revenue drivers are understood, modellable metrics and relevant climate risks should be identified. For example, a Jewelry company that relies on activities such as warehousing and logistics, might have potential climate risks tied to extreme heat in locations where warehouses exist (such as Kendra Scott's US-based supply chain footprint that has already been impacted by hurricanes, cold snaps in Texas and the Midwest). Climate risks could worsen workers' livelihoods, and cause potential disruption of supply chains. By focusing on the variables in which the entity's success is most dependent, we can identify insights essential to supporting the financial, climate, and overall strategic objectives, while also managing the compliance risk of SB 261.
There are several freely available open-source resources that we can utilize to help identify material risks in key jurisdictions (see Figure #5 for a sampling of resources).
Name | Service Provided | Climate Risk Coverage | | Dataset | Tool | Physical Risk | Transition Risk
AQUEDUCT Floods (World Resource Institute) | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | Carbon Tracker Initiative | ✓ | | ✓ | ✓ Climate Impact Lab | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ En-ROADs | | ✓ | | ✓ Integrated Assessment Modeling Consortium (IAMC) | ✓ | | | ✓ Inevitable Policy Response (UN PRI) | | ✓ | | ✓ INFORM Climate Change tool (European Commission) | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ SENSES Toolkit | | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI) | | ✓ | | ✓ Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery (World Bank) | | ✓ | ✓ |
Figure #5: Examples of Free, Open-Source Resources
Quantitative Scenario Analysis
As part of the project plan, we have allocated time to perform a limited scan of paid climate risk software tools (such as Jupiter Intelligence, Climate-X etc.), to provide recommendations for Kendra Scott based on key criteria and successful outcomes from this analysis. We have extensive experience vetting climate technology solutions, including around reporting, climate risk and carbon accounting, and will only suggest options that are best suited for the company at this time. This software is not included in our proposal and so may require some additional cost depending on the provider selected. While there are publicly-available scenarios and open-source datasets available for companies who report voluntarily, for compliance purposes, a robust solution that is able to provide actionable insights and business-specific impacts, is strongly recommended.
Climate scenarios should be plausible, explore a range of different futures (i.e., exploratory scenarios), and enable an organization to identify and assess climate-related macroeconomic and financial risks. There are also three key elements that should be considered in the selection process to ensure the analysis is robust – scope, time horizon, and number of scenarios. With this in mind, we will seek out scenarios representing a full range of plausible outcomes for both physical and transition risks, and determine which grouping is most suitable and diverse to inform the entity's decision-making.
Once we select and generate the requisite scenarios, we can then estimate the financial impacts on the business over the short, medium and long-term time horizons.
As covered in the executive summary, the ultimate goal for a company that conducts climate risk analysis is to actually integrate findings into its business strategy, and determine actions to take to address risks across the short, medium, and long terms. Figure #6 below is a visual example of how the TCFD framework is meant to fit within a company's BAU operations. Therefore, as a final milestone for this phase, we will present our findings to key stakeholders and strategize on mitigation and adaptation strategies that can be applied to address these risks, and incorporate into disclosures.
Transition Risks Policy & Legal Technology Market Reputation
Physical Risks Acute Chronic
Risks | Opportunities
Strategic Planning Risk Management
Financial Impact
Opportunities Resource Efficiency Energy Source Product/Services Markets Resilience
Revenues | Expenditures
Income Statement | Cash Flow Statement | Balance Sheet
Assets & Liabilities Capital & Financing
Figure #6: How TCFD Framework and Climate Risks Integrate into BAU Operations
Training & Upskilling
We have added a section relating to training & upskilling based on our initial discussion, which highlighted interest in increasing the climate fluency of the organization, increasing capacity within Kendra Scott, and reducing the amount of time communicating Kendra Scott's sustainability strategy and activities to key stakeholders, departments and functions.
Having taught 7500+ professionals globally and delivering training to companies like Cisco, Sarona Asset Management and MunichRe Ventures, our training catalogue we use to build out training includes 55+ hours of content from our flagship program, OnePointFive Academy that covers the entire Net Zero & corporate sustainability approach required, including specific topics covering sustainability strategy, reporting & compliance, and many consumer company case studies. As part of this optional training & upskilling section, we will integrate our existing catalogue of training, introduce the compliance regimes AB 1305 and SB 261 and requirements, and detail our project approach to climate risk, including the key findings that apply to Kendra Scott's business. Scoping up of this training is subject to discussion, pending interest.
Key Findings, Next Steps & Disclosure
To close out the project, we will develop and present an executive-level slide deck synthesizing key findings and recommended next steps for Kendra Scott, including a business case for continued sustainability work and investment.
We will also work with Kendra Scott to finalize SB 261-aligned disclosures in preparation for the January 1, 2026 effective date. The exact format of these disclosures is not yet known, but will be announced by CARB by July 1, 2025.

