The Contractor will be responsible for the following program activities:
	1	Deliver Climate Training & Facilitation on Circular Economy and Green Engineering Design and deliver a series of interactive workshops and speaking engagements led by Neil Yeoh from June 2–6 to equip participants with practical climate and sustainability knowledge. Sessions will focus on circular economy concepts, the 12 principles of green engineering, and investor-focused climate finance and reporting. Activities include a June 2 fireside chat and networking session; a 4-hour interactive workshop on June 5 with breakout prompts and exercises; and a focused investor training session on June 5 covering climate finance, due diligence, and impact reporting. Provide support and live coordination from June 2 to 5 with Sweef to reinforce learning outcomes, share resources to upload onto Sweef KINETIK's learning management system (LMS), and facilitate continued participant engagement following the live sessions.
	2	Support Entrepreneurs on Climate Impact Measurement, Communication & Reporting Partner with the Sweef KINETIK team to run a diagnostic and identify up to 6 startups suitable for OnePointFive's Climate Technical Assistance. Provide 1-1 support to these entrepreneurs in building an initial back-of-the-envelope environmental and/or carbon impact assessments grounded in Life Cycle Analysis (LCA) and green engineering principles. Guide selected startups in documenting and effectively communicating their impact to investors, customers, and the broader KINETIK program, strengthening their climate credibility and investment readiness.
	3	Build Ecosystem & Implementation Roadmap for Gender-Responsive Climate Investment Map and initiate relationships with Indonesian universities to connect environmental studies students—especially those with LCA and green skills expertise—to KINETIK entrepreneurs as potential support talent Engage Indonesian investors across the KINETIK and Australian Development Investment networks to understand investment criteria and co-develop pathways for gender-responsive climate capital deployment. Work alongside the Sweef KINETIK team to identify ecosystem gaps and barriers, and create a practical implementation plan to scale gender-responsive climate investment opportunities for local entrepreneurs.
Payment Milestones/Outputs
The payment milestones are structured to align with the successful delivery of key outputs and program activities outlined in the scope of work. Payments will be made upon completion and approval of deliverables as follows:
	1	Delivery of climate training sessions (June 2–6), including fireside chat, circular economy and green engineering workshop, and investor training session; sharing session materials for KINETIK's LMS.
	2	Completion of tailor technical assistance with selected, applicable entrepreneurs (up to 6), including back-of-the-envelope climate impact assessments.
	3	Provide targeted coaching & advice to KINETIK entrepreneurs to best communicate, report on & pitch tier climate impact.
	4	Delivery of stakeholder map, including university and investor engagement for gender-responsive climate investment.
	5	Submission of implementation roadmap identifying ecosystem gaps and actionable next steps to support gender-responsive climate entrepreneurs in Indonesia.
Basis of Payment Financial Schedule
Items Basis of Payment Unit Rate Units Sub-Totals
Fee May be lump sum, daily amount or may require receipts NOTE Currency (AUD) Days NOTE Currency (AUD)
Phase #1:Delivery of climate training sessions and participant materials serviced between June 2nd to 6th - 20% ($9,600) Phase #1: Climate Training Workshops (June 2nd to June 6th) $1,600 6 $9,600
Phase #2*: LCA Diagnostic & Ecosystem Building *Phase #2 deliverables are outline in "Payment Milestones/Outputs" above (1 to 5 above) with planed timeline between June 16th to August 22nd - 50% ($24,000) Phase #2: LCA Diagnostic & Ecosystem Plan (Draft) (June 10th to July 18th) $1,600 15 $24,000
	•	30% ($14,400) Phase #2: LCA Diagnostic & Ecosystem Plan (Final) (July 18th to August 22nd) $1,600 9 $14,400
Total: 30 days $48,000
Items to be Reimbursed
Meals, Taxis, Transfers Reimbursed at cost with receipts provided
